[Music]
how much should you walk every day to
lose weight so many of us do sports go
to the gym and try different diets and
all this time we didn't even realize
that every day lengthy walks as shown by
a number of studies are no less
effective against excess pounds here is
a list of the most important rules you
should follow for walking to replace a
whole set of exercises number one how to
turn a walk into a training set the main
factors affecting the calories burned
when walking are the distance covered
your speed and your body weight for best
results you should follow a regular
schedule and use a pace counter this
device will tell you how much you've
walked during the day if you cover a big
distance but still don't lose weight it
can't count how many steps you should
add however don't overdo it start with a
slow pace and gradually increase it
every day
number two how many steps to make per
day to lose weight keep in mind that the
results depend on your characteristics
lifestyle food habits and health
condition you should always count your
calorie workout routine very carefully
never follow your friends schedule even
if you exercise together everybody is
unique and you need your plan this
approximate estimation will help you
make your own schedule 100 calories
equals 2,000 steps equals one mile two
pounds equals one hundred forty thousand
steps equals seven thousand calories
equals seventy miles here are some
simple ways to prolong your walks try to
drive or take a bus less if you become
bored quickly during long walks try to
listen to your favorite music or radio
if you have kids take them to and from
school also you can try to walk with
them through a park on the way back home
or keep changing your regular route stop
taking elevators and escalators at least
for a month walk your dog for longer it
will make both you and your dog much
healthier and happier if you follow
these simple rules every day you'll see
the result within a month also to make
your walks more enjoyable try the
following take a friend along listen to
your favorite music or audio book while
walking walk around unfamiliar places
and choose new routes in winter you can
continue practicing at home if you have
a treadmill it will let you watch movies
or TV shows while keeping you in shape
number three how to walk correctly keep
in mind that your steps are uneven and
can vary from a foot to a yard to count
your step length measure a distance of
thirty to sixty five feet and cover it
in your usual pace while counting steps
less than 70 steps per minute for a
healthy person such a pace has next to
no training effect it's recommended for
people recovering from a heart attack or
suffering from severe angina 71 to 90
steps per minute two to two-and-a-half
miles per hour it's recommended for
people with cardiovascular diseases 91
to 100 steps per minute two and a half
to three miles per hour it's a good load
for your body that's suitable for any
healthy person 102 11 to 130 steps per
minute it's great exercise for your body
but even healthy people have difficulty
maintaining such a pace for a long time
now let's have a look at the rules of
walking you need to follow one start
with a light load gradually increasing
the duration and pace you should raise
the length of your walks first and only
then increase the tempo the load should
be adequate for your health to practice
walking regularly a walk a week won't do
you any good if you can't take walks
every day then do it at least two to
three times a week it can be done at any
convenient time but no earlier than one
to one and a half hours after a meal
three consult your physician and undergo
a medical check-up and repeat it one to
two times a year number four
watch your posture while walking your
torso and shoulders should be straight
and your stomach sucked in you should
also remember that a slow walk over a
short distance will be useless
ever if you walk too fast and for too
long being unprepared you may even cause
harm to yourself watch your pace and
your breath you should feel comfortable
while walking do you walk regularly does
it help you feel better in any way share
your experience in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life